Add archive warning to readme (#18)
aws-samples/amazon-rekognition-id-verification-sample-with-amplify: README.md

## Identity Verification with Amazon Rekognition

> [!WARNING]

> > This repository is archived. Try [AWS Samples - Rekognition Identity Verification](https://github.com/aws-samples/rekognition-identity-verification) instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This repository is archived and no longer maintained. It may no longer work, or refer to third-party libraries with known problems. We suggest [AWS Samples - Rekognition Identity Verification](https://github.com/aws-samples/rekognition-identity-verification) as an alternative to this sample.
```

Small edit to elaborate on what is meant by it being archived.

Author: Good suggestion. Thank you Chris. I have incorporated it.
